Split up SDK examples into separate docs (#142)
onflow/flow-go-sdk: docs/querying-accounts.mdx

---
title: Querying Accounts
---

You can query the state of an account with the `GetAccount` function:

```go
import "github.com/onflow/flow-go-sdk"

address := flow.HexToAddress("01")

account, err := c.GetAccount(ctx, address)
if err != nil {
    panic("failed to fetch account")
}
```

A `flow.Account` contains the following fields:

- `Address: flow.Address` - The account address.
- `Balance: uint64` - The account balance.

> - `Code: []byte` - The code deployed at this account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Contracts: map[string][]byte` - The contracts deployed at this account.
```
